# Hello world

Hi there! We really glad that you can understand things that you read right now ))
You will find three entry's task down there. You free to choose, to solve it in minimal way or PRO mode.
Its up to you, both case are acceptable.

Solving this tasks must take few hours from you.
If it takes more, you are perfectionist or this vacation will be too painful for you. 


# Common rules

1. Solution must be uploaded as repo at github. You can fork our repo or send us GIST. Its up to you.
2. Link to solution must be sent to krylov@vlspro.ru
3. You cannot change mysql tables. But you can create a new one if necessary.
4. You must use config.php as source for db credentials.
5. You must use PHP+MySQL+JS stack.
6. You can send us incompleted solution with comments. But it greatly reduces your chances.

# First task: Phone formatting

You has mysql table (take a look at task1/mysql.sql) with id and phone numbers.
Phone numbers stored as strings. Your task to recover as many unique correct numbers as possible.
Final result must be generated by your script as html table with phone numbers in E.164 format (including country code).
 For example:
 +74956467166
 +380111223355
 
**For PRO:**
if you feel that this task is too easy for you - make your solution as Class and provide PHPUnit test for it.

# Second task: Table sort

You has mysql table (take a look at task2/mysql.sql) with id, date, phone numbers and customer names.
You need to sort the table and receive next order: 8993,2011,2567,7881,5832,1248,3092
You cant use sorting by id, you can use sort by any other column.

**For PRO:**
if you feel that this task is too easy for you - make sql procedure with parameter "order" for choose "date order" from ascended to descended.

# Third task: Using API

Your task to create driving direction service.
Main page must contain two text fields ("from point" and "to point") and submit button.
As result you must show text description of driving directions without any map.
You can use any API service you want.

For example:
Едем прямо на Ярцевский, проезжаем 99.27 м.,
Едем прямо на Крылатская улица, проезжаем 20.41 м.,

**For PRO:**
if you feel that this task is too easy for you - show the same directions in two languages, English and Russian.

# DOUBLEKILL

You can double your score if you solve all three problems using Laravel Framework.

